conditional values (#554)
csstools/postcss-plugins: plugins/postcss-conditional-values/README.md

# PostCSS Conditional Values [<img src="https://postcss.github.io/postcss/logo.svg" alt="PostCSS Logo" width="90" height="90" align="right">][postcss]

[<img alt="npm version" src="https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@csstools/postcss-conditional-values.svg" height="20">][npm-url] [<img alt="Build Status" src="https://github.com/csstools/postcss-plugins/workflows/test/badge.svg" height="20">][cli-url] [<img alt="Discord" src="https://shields.io/badge/Discord-5865F2?logo=discord&logoColor=white">][discord]

[PostCSS Conditional Values] lets you easily apply space toggle hacks with some syntactic sugar.

This plugin adds a non-standard function : `csstools-if( else )` which acts as a ternary operator.

`csstools-if(--a-variable <value-when-true> else <value-when-false>)`

You control the outcome by setting `--a-variable` to `true` and `false`.

```pcss
.fancy-container {
	--is-fancy: true;
}

.block {
	color: csstools-if(--is-fancy pink else red);
}

/* becomes */

:root {
	--is-fancy:  ;
}

.fancy-container {
	--is-fancy: initial;
}

.block {
	--is-fancy--0: var(--is-fancy) red;
	color: var(--is-fancy--0,pink);
}
```

> For more information see one of the articles :

Reviewer: Feel free to change the suggestion felt odd that it was making you choose.

```suggestion
For more information on how the trick works, you can read more on these articles:
```

Author: Good catch!
